listen I'm a connoisseur when it comes
to Disney Channel original movies the
other me luck of the Irish smart house
even when they sold out and went to
theaters I was still there rooting for
them but now I feel like the last og
coming back to this genre and going what
the sitch let me explain
now for starters I know what some of
y'all are thinking right isn't there
already a Kim Possible film called so
the drama and you would be 100% correct
twice but you know Hollywood sees
foreign films and the first thing they
think about is how to remain this into
English well Disney keeps looking at all
of their animated properties and
thinking that they need to be
live-action and I for one am tired of
this cartoon appropriation first we
collectively find out that John Wayne is
a racist and in the same month we're
still facing this injustice unbelievable
now for those who don't know the drama
around Kim Possible's origin she pretty
much started a site for her services as
a teenager and randomly gets a
billionaire in distress who calls her
for help she helps and then her DMS get
flooded as she randomly becomes a crime
fighter everyone knows about her friends
Ron and Rufus who she eventually dates
wait who was the smart guy running her
web site and missions her genius family
made up of doctors and twins who
literally created their own language
known as twin ish Monique her biffle and
of course the old reliable bueno nacho
but what really made her were the
villains there was the og dr.
Doofenshmirtz but Drakon who you realize
actually dawned with Kim's dad before I
wanted to take over the world
shego who's kim's equal and actually
used to be in a superhero group with her
siblings before she became a villain
does the name she go ring a bell you
know of my sister but the more we fought
evil
the more she go liked it the fighting
the evil right my favorites and your
senior senior and his son senior senior
junior who literally were villains just
because they were bored these guys had
so much money they didn't know what else
to do but of course there's then the
cruelest one of them all high school or
body rock wall calendar this is not
befriend of loser week this is what
Heather's was about now in the
live-action movie pretty much every
adult in this town is a complete and
utter idiot like this lady just lets her
child go mint combo and Kim's got to be
the one to savor the first bad guy wants
to take over the world with slime and
Kim's got to stop him the bus drivers
straight looks Kim in the eyes
for whatever reason still tries to drive
off without her
[Music]
[Applause]
how the hell did that grapple get back
kid rod I guess is from Ohio cuz in this
version
he's a livestreamer but I was just so
confused with his voice oh he came
possible
we're both little cranky ever saving the
world last night like he sounds like the
dude inside the van he's like the human
version of Popeyes laugh boy looking
like he's a about a Crimea River
obviously there was gonna be some
changes right like don't get me wrong
I never go into these movies looking to
hate on them trust me I came into Kim
Possible 2019 looking a laugh my cartoon
self off but I think a lot of people
would agree with me with this that when
I say that we like our Kim Possible as
the 2000s period piece that it is that's
exactly what we want
type in Kim Possible calm possible like
it's in the DNA but while I do miss the
scanners looking communicator that she
used to have you know I knew that there
was bound to be changes and the neck one
doesn't look that bad it's kind of cool
I didn't go to stoke up the cheerleading
aspect of it but I didn't mind the
soccer switch but this look at dunk
elegans vill Instagram
he hasn't underwater face active volcano
ville Instagram islets some go through
right some changes but Ville Instagram
Monique I guess just doesn't exist in
this universe you just got vanished with
danos you know zendaya was busy for some
reason but it's clear that the story
they wanted to go with was that of the
girl who could handle anything except
high school for some reason like these
kids save the world and yet the teachers
are still bags of douches to them for
being a minute late to class
you are late not really fair
it takes me 90 minutes to prepare lady
whisker boots her low carb high protein
breakfast but that doesn't stop me from
being on time bro when I was teaching
kids if a kid gave me their super donut
for breakfast I let them have second
reasons these two are literally saving
lives Kim that interacts with Bonnie who
thinks she's the man but Kim's like no
I'm Wendy Wu I'll show you what I got
I'm just sitting here like why is kid
wearing KT herons pink shirt from Mean
Girls a bunch of action scenes than
happened since you know Kim's own mom
won't give her a ride to school
supposedly way sent her to the roof cuz
that's the fastest way but think Kim's
doing stuff like this
[Music]
I believe this is your gym what the I
don't know if you know this about me but
when I grow up I want to be a dog my
parents tell me it's not a realistic
goal but thanks to you I'm one step
closer bra how you why don't you wear
this on missions anymore it used to be
your thing I don't know I guess wearing
the same thing all the time kind of felt
cartoony after a bit what you say since
they pretty much become the freaks and
geeks of this school they decide to make
a new friend with this girl named Athena
who ends up joining them on missions and
she's this huge fan and Kym starts
getting jealous because this fan can
actually do more things than she can
like even the og Kym P makes a cameo and
gives us theater more attention there's
a mission involving female loki where
kim turns into melo and refuses any help
from anyone thus losing the tesseract
which athena is able to rescue but when
you realize that the big twist in the
movie is that athena is actually the bad
guys robot then you question why i think
that didn't just fight him to take her
down that way you were going to ruin Kim
Possible's life with memes memes
actually that goes directly at her
psyche and would then tear her down
mentally thus affecting her physically
as it leads to her demise so that's
actually as dark as hell but you want
Ville Instagram so I can't even give you
that much credit given that has this
mental breakdown which was interesting
to see as she seeks advice from her
mentor proving that you know the writing
in these new original movies doesn't
have to be bad that's just the thing
even if you're not the best it what have
you you're still you and I'm Kim
Possible okay I'm a star student and I
save the world
that's who I am now that's what you do
that's not who you are but again they do
things like this somewhere along all
this cyberbullying they find this
anthropomorphic eraser that's pretending
to be rufus the naked mole-rat and so
they have a trio that then becomes a
quinn tent that goes to fight kraken
who's getting drunk off 2% for some
reason athena then learns that she's
just a robot to these two and they don't
see her as a partner in crime you know
even Miao had more pull in Team Rocket
so they're just ready to scavenge her
parts what happens to athena why you're
wrong she's my friend
oh we're getting into robo rights solo
part two here
dragons final twist is that Athena not
only became a Kemet a ssin of MIS
possible as she gathered all her best
traits but then kraken also wants to
suck up her spunk
so that kim could be inside of him but
he randomly turns into a child instead
they escaped with Athena's head Elita
style and are somehow able to bring her
back and since they need a sequel a
pubescent doctor dragon goes to school
ready to harass him until he takes over
the world now again after watching the
original series in the movies I
personally think they still work because
they're a product of their time you know
this will be tries to shift the setting
to the present but what they forgot is
um nobody acts like this in the present
there's probably gonna be a sequel since
I know Kim even had a spinoff with lilo
and Stitch which I personally you know I
know they want to adapt more characters
but we already got the shape of water
that's the stitch with that but I'm not
against them making the story better and
even keeping the same cast because I
think they had potential they just need
a direct and have a better story
maybe I'm also just being too harsh and
have that nostalgia factor for the older
ones I grew up with and so I like them
and I don't see the problems with them
maybe maybe I just got to make Ella me
on the old
that would be fun think you got to
checking out this video I'm curious know
your thoughts down below in the comment
section you know we've had movies like
this where everything wants to be
live-action Disney you know big Disney
has been doing it and then you have like
the smaller ones were like Velma and
Daphne got their own spin-off for
whatever reason
there's I wouldn't really count him to
like the kissing booth getting a sequin
and satiable getting a sequel I actually
am very curious to check out Heather
since I know that got a remake I know
everyone was hating on it but then it
turns out the people from Russian doll
actually have something to do with it
it may be an edited down version to the
original theory or plan that they had
but I don't know I personally am NOT for
all of these remakes that are being made
I'm also not against them like I'm not
that person who thinks like oh I need to
kill myself because Kim Possible now I
get to make cons inside of it and still
enjoy it in some way even if it's not
you know in the manner that bait that it
would be I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below in the comment
section did you like this one did you
like the old one what would you like to
see in a sequel that can make it better
or do you think it's already perfect
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and I'll send you a club
banana gift card